Added endpoint (#150)
Leaf-Agriculture/docs: docs/field_boundaries_endpoints.md

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Get Fields by geometry 

&nbsp<span class="badge badge--warning">POST</span> `/users/{leafUserId}/fields/intersects`

> Gets a list of fields that intersect with the GeoJSON MultiPolygon sent in
> the request body, the default value of intersectionThreshold is 0.0001.

Reviewer: I think it would be nice to say what `intersectionThreshold` does before saying the default value. Something along the lines of
```
Gets a list of fields that intersect with the GeoJSON MultiPolygon sent in
the request body. The minimum intersection value is given by `intersectionThreshold`, its default value is 0.0001.
```

But notice that this is normalized, the value is from 0 to 1. In config, we work with percentages, so it's from 0 to 100. Lets talk about that with everyone, but I think we should hold this PR and correct that. Then, this line could go like

```suggestion
Gets a list of fields that intersect with the GeoJSON MultiPolygon sent in
the request body. The minimum intersection percentage is given by `intersectionThreshold`, its default value is 0.01%.
```

#### Response
A JSON list of Fields.

<Tabs
  defaultValue="sh"
  values={[
    { label: 'cURL', value: 'sh', },
    { label: 'Python', value: 'py', },
    { label: 'JavaScript', value: 'js', },
    { label: 'JSON sample response', value: 'json', },
  ]
}>
  <TabItem value="js">

  ```js
  const axios = require('axios')
  const TOKEN = 'YOUR_TOKEN'

  const endpoint ='https://api.withleaf.io/services/fields/api/users/{leafUserId}/fields/intersects'
  const headers = { 'Authorization': `Bearer ${TOKEN}` }

  const data = {
    geometry: {
      type: "MultiPolygon",
      coordinates: [...]
    },

>     'intersectionThreshold': numbers

Reviewer: Is there somewhere else in the docs we do it like this?
Personally, I think it'd be better to add some valid number here, such as `25.7`, instead of stating "numbers". The same goes for the bash script and python. `numbers` here is undefined, so we do not know what it is, in the bash script it's a string, and in python it's a type. I think that using an actual number is a clearer example. What do you think?
